doc: updates on the Senser stub driver (#8534)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/drivers/sensor_stub.rst

.. _sensor_stub:

Sensor stub driver
###################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The sensor stub, a simple simulated sensor driver, is a blind interface between the sensor API and simple callback functions to fetch and get data.

Reviewer: What is "blind interface"?

Reviewer 2: Maybe it is not the sentence that should be used? Maybe rather "dummy interface" or "pass-through interface"? I should be an interface that does nothing with the data. Just forwards it.

> The sensor stub was designed to implement sensor simulation with minimal required resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sensor stub implements sensor simulation with minimal required resources.
```

        };

The most important setting here is the ``generator`` property.

> The driver would require the user to implement the following functions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The driver requires the following functions implemented:
```

> - ``int <generator>_init(const struct device *dev)`` - The function initializes the driver.
> - ``int <generator>_get(const struct device *dev, enum sensor_channel ch, struct sensor_value *val)`` - To get the measured value.
> - ``int <generator>_fetch(const struct device *dev, enum sensor_channel ch)`` - To fetch (prepare) the measured value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``int <generator>_init(const struct device *dev)`` - This function initializes the driver.
* ``int <generator>_get(const struct device *dev, enum sensor_channel ch, struct sensor_value *val)`` - This function gets the measured value.
* ``int <generator>_fetch(const struct device *dev, enum sensor_channel ch)`` - This function fetches (prepares) the measured value.
```
Why is "prepares" mentioned in the last sentence?

Reviewer 2: This module is used mainly to simulate sensor value. Then the value is rather prepared (calculated) than fetched. But it can be used for simplify some application sensor implementation as well.

> The functions must have global linkage and would be connected directly to the sensor stub driver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The functions must have global linkage and must be connected directly to the sensor stub driver.
```

> The functions must have global linkage and must be connected directly to the sensor stub driver.

Reviewer 2: The meaning of the sentence there is changed - it seems like it is the user responsibility to connect them to the sensor driver. The real meaning was that sensor would link to them itself.
